1. In Postman:
    1. Import Collection `Altinn.postman_collection`
    2. Import Environment  `Altinn-IBMcloud.postman_environment`
2. Login for all users in order to set the token for the transactions (without token u cannot perform any transaction)
3. If you want to create new user (Business Registry, Chairman Of the Board, Stock Owner, Sample Participant) make sure that the `ID` and the `email` are not the same with a previous added user (I suggest every time you trigger these APIs to change this attributes)
4. For the `CreateRegistryOfShareHolders` transaction make user that there is not already a `RegistryOfShareHolders` with the same `companyID` added. You can check that using the `Get All Registries Of ShareHolders` call and verify that. Also make user that the chairmanOfTheBoard exists (I suggest u use the `chris` and `elen` chairmenOfThBoard users that are already added)
5. For the `DistributeStocksToStockOwners` transaction make sure the `companyID` used belongs to a RegistryOfShareHolders and `stocksAreDistributed=false`.  Also sum in distribution needs to be equal with the available stocks in the RegistryOfShareholders. StockOwners also need to exist (I suggest u use the current sarah , evan , joana) otherwise you have to change the information of the token that you will add and perform transactions PurchaseRequest, RespondToPurchaseRequest
6. For `ExpandCapital` transaction `CHANGEVALUE`. Value  `capitalChange`: `CHANGEVALUE` and shareholderRegistryID is the same as the companyID in an existing RegistryOfShareHolders
7. For `ExpandCapitalRequest` transaction `CHANGEAMOUNT` shareholderRegistryID is the same as the companyID in an existing RegistryOfShareHolders, StockOwners exist and distributions and purchasedValuesOfStocks are correct
8. For `ExpandCapital` transaction (to process the ExpandCapitalRequest transaction) use the `Get Business Registry` call and in receivedChangeOnCompanyRequest copy the transactionID of your pending request. In `Expand Capital` call in the Body change the transctionID with the new one and send.
9. For `PurchaseRequest` use sarah as a customer since the token used for this transaction is for this user (u can use another stockowner as a customer but you need to make sure that the token used belongs to this user). Also registryOfShareHolders need to be the same with the companyID of an existing RegistryOfShareHolders. Make sure also that the stockOwner you are requesting the purchase has the stocks to purchase - use the `Get StockWallet` call changing the id in the url in the call to the stockOwner you want to check.
10. For `RespondToPurchaseRequest` use the `Get Stock Owner xxxxx`  for the stockOwner who has the stocks. In the receivedPurchaseRequests copy the transactionID of the PENDING request an in `Respond To Purchase Request` /Body paste the new transactionID and send.
11. For `ProcessStockSale` as chairmanOfTheBoard use the `Get Chairman Of The Board xxxx` calls using the chairman of the board of the RegistryOfShareHolders that the PurchaseRequest was made. In awaitingStockPurchase copy the transactionID and in Process Stock Sale call paste the transactionID. In this call the token is related to chairmanOfTheBoard=`Chris`. You need to change the token if the chairman of the Board of the RegistryOfShareHolders is not Chris.
 
!!!!! For the deployment of the loopback server in IBM cloud we cannot see the errors. With the dockerised application this works as expected. To make sure that a transaction went through you will receive a response {} or the object of newly created model. 